//Play started the 2016-11-18
put 9 9 white true
put 9 8 black true
put 10 8 white true
put 11 8 black true
put 12 8 white true
put 12 10 black true
put 10 14 white true
put 10 14 black false
put 4 13 black true
put 4 13 white false
put 5 8 white true
put 5 8 black false
put 6 7 black true
put 6 8 white true
put 7 9 black true
put 7 9 white false
put 7 11 white true
put 7 11 black false
put 7 11 black false
put 7 11 black false
put 7 11 black false
put 7 11 black false
put 7 11 black false
put 7 11 black false
put 7 11 black false
put 7 11 black false
put 7 11 black false
put 7 11 black false
put 7 11 black false
put 6 11 black true
put 6 12 white true
put 7 12 black true
put 8 12 white true
put 8 11 black true
put 6 10 white true
put 5 9 black true
put 7 10 white true
put 8 10 black true
put 4 9 white true
put 5 10 black true
put 6 10 white true
put 7 10 black true
put 9 10 white true
put 9 11 black true
put 10 11 white true
put 8 11 black true
put 9 11 white true
put 11 11 black true
put 9 11 white true
put 10 11 black true
put 12 11 white true
put 11 9 black true
put 10 9 white true
put 10 10 black true
put 11 10 white true
put 11 11 black true
put 10 11 white true
put 9 12 black true
put 10 12 white true
put 12 9 black true
put 13 9 white true
end 0 0 white